[MUSIC]
So, you've learned to make your code
more expressive using C++ templates.
Templates serve as a blueprint that
can be applied uniformly to all
the types they are instantiated with.
But now, I would like to show you
some additional ways in which you can
shape templates to behave
exactly as you want.
You will learn how to use so-called
template specializations when a template
should receive a special treatment for
a given type.
You will also discover that template
parameters are not always just data types.
They can also be numeric
integer values which you can
use to change the size of your data and
also vary other things.
Look again at the same code as before.
This code defines a function template for
integer powers.
You can instantiate the templates for
integers, floats, doubles,
or other data types.
There exists, however, cases for
which this generic code is not suitable.
For some types, it could be inefficient,
or it could fail to compile altogether.
Remember, for example, that the code
cannot be instantiated with a string type.
But C++ offers a workaround to this
problem in the form of template
specialization.
Here's a specialization of the function
template for the string data type.
In this example, the specialized function
produces a string which describes
00:01:47